Improves Blockchain Basics (#1165)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/home/blockchain-basics/basics-accounts.md

  - matic
image: https://matic.network/banners/matic-network-16x9.png 
---

> The global state of Ethereum is comprised of accounts that interact with one another through a message-passing framework. The most basic interaction is that of sending some value - like matic tokens, Polygon's native token or ether, the native cryptocurrency of the Ethereum blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global state of Ethereum is comprised of accounts that interact with one another through a message-passing framework. The most basic interaction is that of sending some value - like $MATIC tokens, Polygon's native token or $ETH, the native token of the Ethereum blockchain.
```
